Fixed typos in Audio Classification Documentation (#35263)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/tasks/audio_classification.md

>>> feature_extractor = AutoFeatureExtractor.from_pretrained("facebook/wav2vec2-base")
```

> The MInDS-14 dataset has a sampling rate of 8000kHz (you can find this information in its [dataset card](https://huggingface.co/datasets/PolyAI/minds14)), which means you'll need to resample the dataset to 16000kHz to use the pretrained Wav2Vec2 model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MInDS-14 dataset has a sampling rate of 8kHz (you can find this information in its [dataset card](https://huggingface.co/datasets/PolyAI/minds14)), which means you'll need to resample the dataset to 16kHz to use the pretrained Wav2Vec2 model:
```
